# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

console.rb


Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

properties.sql

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

4, 13, 22, 32, 33

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

because SQL does it and we don't want to use an already existing id.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

  property.rb line 32

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
  so that when creating a new Property that doesn't have an id it doesn't error.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

  Because we only want to do selected actions on individual elements and others on the whole database.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

An array is returned, we access the first item in the array and get its id and convert it to an interger

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

To stop malicious code from being entered into our databases

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

An id and address that we choose.

Q11. What are their return values?

They return either the property that matches the search or NIL if there is no property.
